# Freelancer DeMarket DApp - README

Welcome to the **Freelancer DeMarket DApp** project repository! This DApp let the clients and freelancers to exchange safely through the blokchain.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Smart Contracts](#smart-contracts)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Frontend](#frontend)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Overview

The **Freelancer DeMarket DApp** provides safely connections for clients who wants to do freelancers job. It also provides freelnacers to get their money safely with the power of blockchain.

As a starting point, this box contains only the ```SimpleStorage``` Solidity contract. Including minimal code was a conscious decision as this box is meant to provide the initial building blocks needed to get to work on BNB Smart Chain without pushing developers to write any particular sort of application. With this box, you will be able to compile, migrate, and test Solidity code against several instances of BNB Smart Chain networks.

- Project is listed in the frontend.
- Freelancers bids the project.
- Client accepts the price.
- Client creates the project and deposit the amount on-chain.
- Freelancer uploads the project and send it to client.
- Client accepts the project the freelancer uploaded and money will go the freelancers account on chain.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up the project locally and start participating in web3 auctions.

### Prerequisites

1. Node.js: Ensure Node.js is installed. Download it from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/).

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/theritalin/BSC-Bootcamp-Competition.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
  cd BSC-Bootcamp-Competition
```

3. Install required npm packages:

```bash
 npm install
```

## Usage

1. Start the development server:

To migrate on the BNB Smart Chain network, run `npm run migrate:bsc --network=(bscTestnet | bscMainnet)` (remember to choose a network from these options!).

As you can see, you have two BSC networks to choose from:

- `bscTestnet`: This is the BNB Smart Chain testnet.
- `bscMainnet`: This is the BNB Smart Chain mainnet. Caution! If you deploy to this network using a connected wallet, the fees are charged in mainnet BNB.

If you would like to migrate previously migrated contracts on the same network, you can run `truffle migrate --config truffle-config.bsc.js --network= (bscTestnet | bscMainnet)` and add the `--reset` flag.

### Paying for Migrations

To pay for your deployments, you will need to have an account with BNB available to spend. You will need your mnemomic phrase (saved in the `.env` file or through some other secure method). The first account generated by the seed needs to have the BNB you need to deploy. 

If you do not have a wallet with funds to deploy, you will need to connect a wallet to at least one of the networks above. For testing, this means you will want to connect a wallet to the `BSC Testnet` network. We recommend using [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/).

Documentation for how to set up MetaMask to configure custom network like BSc Testnet can be found [here](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/connecting-metamask-to-binance-smart-chain).

Follow the steps in the documentation above using the BNB Smart Chain RPC endpoints (`https://docs.bnbchain.org/docs/rpc`). The `chainId` values are the same as those in the `truffle-config.bsc.js` networks entries.

To get testnet BNB tokens use the official [faucet](https://testnet.bnbchain.org/faucet-smart).

## Basic Commands

The code here will allow you to compile, migrate, and test your code on the BNB Smart Chain. The following commands can be run (more details on each can be found in the next section):

To compile:

```
npm run compile:bsc
```

2. Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to access the DApp.

3. Connect your BSC wallet (e.g., MetaMask) to the DApp.

## Smart Contracts

The smart contracts in this project facilitate the auction process. They handle resgister account, creatiing project, and releasing funds. These contracts are deployed on the BSC TESTNET.

- `EscrowContract.sol`: Responsible for deposit and paying funds.
- `FreelanceDeMarket.sol`: Manages regisration, creating of projects.

## Testing

Smart contract tests are located in the `test` folder. These tests ensure the correct functioning of the smart contract. To run the tests, follow these steps:

1. Open a terminal in the project directory.
2. Run the following command to execute the tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

This command will initiate the smart contract tests and display the results in the terminal.

In order to run the test currently in the boilerplate, use the following command: `npm run test:bsc --network=(bscTestnet | bscMainnet)` (remember to choose a network!). The current test file just has some boilerplate tests to get you started. You will likely want to add network-specific tests to ensure your contracts are behaving as expected.


## Frontend

The DApp frontend iis going to be built using React.js

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome! To contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature/bug fix.
3. Make changes and test thoroughly.
4. Commit with clear and concise messages.
5. Push changes to your fork.
6. Submit a pull request describing your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Thank you for your interest in the Freelancer DeMarket DApp project! For questions or suggestions, reach out to us or open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/theritalin/BSC-Bootcamp-Competition). Happy bidding on the blockchain! 🚀
